When Arjun and Karan wake up every morning they only care if they are going to get food to eat. Their father died 
when they were just infants. Their mother Soya is a wage worker who has been struggling to meet their both ends meet.
But now there is someone else who cares about them. Meet Rashmi. She is a lawyer by profession and when she got to 
know about them on GOT, she decided to provide them with the breakfast of whatever is remaining in her refrigerator 
from previous night. Now it's been almost two months since Karan and Arjun got a sister in disguise.



Zareena has been attending the mosque to deliver her Jummah to Allah every friday since she was very young. After 
that she used to prepare a lot of dishes to dine with her family. But often a lot of it was left unconsumed. She 
offered these remainings on GOT. Now every friday dozens of underpreviliged kids gather on her house to relish 
exotic dishes. Zarrena thinks by feeding these hungry kids she feels more closer to her beloved Allah.




"Hi! I am Shivam from Lucknow. Last day I turned eighteen. To celebrate this moment we cooked for almost hundred
people whom we expected to attend the ceremony.But unfortunately only half of them came due to ongoing pandemic.
So I offered the remaining food on GOT. Today morning I had a lot of children at my home. It was the most satisfying 
feeling to feed them. Thank you GOT for making my eighteenth b'day so special."



"Last night I had a small function to mark the hundredth annivarsry of my father. At the end of it I got to know 
that we were left with a lot of food. So I invited people on GOT. Next morning we had school children on our door.
It was such an incredible feeling to witness those innocent kids eating so heartily and giggling so much."
                                                                                        -Sagar
                                                                                          Vizag, India



Meet Damba Sukoza from South Africa. He runs a small tiffin centre in suburban area of Cape Town.He often had to 
throw the packed tiffins that weren't sold in time. Recently he found about GOT. Now he gives all those remaining 
tiffins to school going kids.

