"I am a Robert Kane from Dallas,USA. I am a hobbyist who loves medling with 3-d printing machines. Last year I bought 
an advanced 3-d printer that could print complex composites. I tried to print a bionic arm. I never felt I could
do this but owing to my background in bioengineering I got it right in second attempt. I put it on GOT. Last week 
Davis called me from Texas and asked for the bionic arm. With help of a professional bionics we were able to integrate 
that hand to Davis' body. I feel so proud of myself. I feel like my dream of being a social worker has been rekindled."




We have a growing community of children all around the world who have just got a bionic arm on GOT. Some of them came
from philantrophists while some were just devloped by students in their lab as an assignment. At the end of the day we
were able to put smile on the face of these innocent kids.




This is Saina from Iraq with her three kids. Her youngest daughter Zainas couldn't walk till now due to a rare disorder
Cerebral Palsy. Though Saina had been trying all her life to get a walking stick for her daughter,she couldn't due to 
worse conditions prevailing in Iraq. But now things are diiferent. An anonymous donor had send Zainas the eqipment that
not only enables her to walk but also play with her siblings.



Neita was underweight as infant. To survive she requires special tonics every month. Lately her family in Tamba was
feeling to afford these medicines. Then help arrived from unexpected way. Her freind told her about a medical distributor
in nearby city who had offered same tonics on GOT as he was unable to sell them all before they expired due to reduction
in demand. You know now Neita has three months of supply of that tonic.




"Hi! I am Richa from Luckhnow.I run a medical dispensary over here. Owing to stocked drugs often we had to dump a lot 
of the medicines that got expired before we could sell them. I felt so sorry about that but then GOT came. I started
giving all medicines that were nearing their expiry on GOT. Now the monetary loss I felt for those expired medicines
is overcompensated by the satifying feeling of helping others. This way my dispensary has also gain much popularity 
and my business has quadrupled in couple of months. It's true what goes around comes around."